Docs: Enhance datasource READMEs (#254)
grafana/grafana-plugin-examples: examples/datasource-http/README.md

# Data Source HTTP Plugin for Grafana

> This repository contains a data source plugin that uses HTTP through Grafana's data source HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a data source plugin that fetches data in the front end through Grafana's data source HTTP proxy.
```

## Overview

> The Grafana HTTP Data Source Plugin shows the integration of a backend HTTP service as a custom data source within Grafana. This plugin serves as a reference implementation for developers seeking to incorporate HTTP-based data sources into their Grafana dashboards.

Reviewer: better remove the mention of "backend http service" and simply it call it "API" or "HTTP API" to not confuse people that might think there's backend code in this example.

```suggestion
The Grafana HTTP Data Source Plugin shows the integration of a HTTP API as a custom data source within Grafana. This plugin serves as a reference implementation for developers seeking to incorporate frontend HTTP-based data sources into their Grafana dashboards.
```

Grafana supports a wide range of data sources, including Prometheus, MySQL, and Datadog. There’s a good chance you can already visualize metrics from the systems you have set up. In some cases, though, you already have an in-house metrics solution that you’d like to add to your Grafana dashboards. Grafana data source plugins enable you to integrate such solutions with Grafana.

> This plugin differs from the `datasource-http-backend` example because the data fetching happens through Grafana's data source HTTP proxy rather than going through the plugin backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin differs from the `datasource-http-backend` example because the data fetching happens in the frontend through Grafana's data source HTTP proxy rather than going through the plugin backend.
```

## Get started

Data source plugins consist of a frontend component. Install this component with the following CLI commands.

### Frontend

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Build plugin in development mode or run in watch mode:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

> 3. Build plugin in production mode:

Reviewer: We don't need to call for users to run both `npm run dev` and `npm run build`.  We can ask them simply to run `npm run build` and that will be it.

These instructions are also missing calling `npm run server` which starts a docker container with grafana running the server.

> # Basic Data Source HTTP Plugin for Grafana

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Data Source HTTP Plugin for Grafana
```

Or maybe 
```suggestion
# HTTP Data Source Plugin for Grafana
```

Reviewer 2: if the latter, suggest similar update above

This repository contains a data source plugin that uses HTTP through Grafana's data source HTTP proxy.
## Overview

> The Grafana HTTP Backend Data Source Plugin shows the integration of a backend HTTP service as a custom data source within Grafana. This plugin serves as a reference implementation for developers seeking to incorporate HTTP-based data sources into their Grafana dashboards.

Reviewer 2: This is the frontend only datasource - maybe copy paste error?

Author: done

Grafana supports a wide range of data sources, including Prometheus, MySQL, and Datadog. There’s a good chance you can already visualize metrics from the systems you have set up. In some cases, though, you already have an in-house metrics solution that you’d like to add to your Grafana dashboards. Grafana data source plugins enable you to integrate such solutions with Grafana.

This plugin differs from the `datasource-http-backend` example because the data fetching happens through Grafana's data source HTTP proxy rather than going through the plugin backend.

## Get started

Data source plugins consist of both frontend and backend components. Install these components with the following CLI commands.

### Frontend

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Build plugin in development mode or run in watch mode:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. Build plugin in production mode:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

> ### Backend

Reviewer 2: Theres no backend for this plugin

Author: done
